======= Welcome to Team Sinister Six! =======

Project Team Members: 
Ethan Walters, David Banda, Kyra Moran, Aditya Gopalan, John Wilson, and Sandra   Griffin
 
Project Description: 
SpotiTRY uses the Spotify API to access user’s information including top songs, top artists, and listening history via tokens authenticated by the user upon login. The user must login to their Spotify account to access our application, and the SpotiTRY application comes fully equipped with routing guards that protect our users. The user's top songs and artists are displayed on our home page, allowing the user to play any of their top songs or songs from their top artists directly from our application. Our history page is a feature that was adapted by Spotify during the time when we were developing SpotiTRY and is similar in the respect that it allows the user to view recent song or listening history. This page includes a search bar so the user can quickly find that great song they were just listening to. Our timestamp feature is wholly unique to the SpotiTRY application and allows users to save any point in a song or podcast. The user can search for any song or podcast on our discover page, begin playing it from that page, and then hit the timestamp button to save that point in the song or podcast. The timestamp page allows the user to play a song or podcast within our application at the exact point that they saved by pulling from the saved timestamps in our database. They can also search through their timestamps using a search bar on our timestamps page. Our application is hosted on Heroku and can be accessed via spo-ti-try.herokuapp.com
